Take the proceeds from my acquisition of the land in Dongshan
To buy shares in these companies
Buy and sell prices
Time must do
check every second
How dare you scrape together so much money?
Where did you get this money?
Invest in the stock market
Small things Niudao stock market
This is not the account that was frequently traded a few days ago.
You arranged for someone to operate it, right?
I should have known it was you
The whole of Zhongzhou except you
Who else could have such an extraordinary vision?
Send that blind trash
You go and find out about Lin Fan for me now
Anyway.
You have to dig out the person behind him for me
Ok mom
Notify the family council in advance
Let's say the meeting is in an hour
Mom, what do you want?
The birth has been taken care of, your four uncles
With these people
Right at the family council
I can remove you from all positions, that rebellious son